and Venice yen it's not normal Joey
what's normal is to hear a question like
the one I asked and actually respond in
an interested open-minded manner is to
actually be capable of discussing what's
going on your movement and whether or
not I can be improved and whether you
can invite new people to come in and
join okay you think if only I join a
Facebook group and volunteer to show up
everything we find and it's the exact
opposite my experience is not unique
this is a hyper conformist authoritarian
top-down organization where nobody is
allowed to ask a simple question
nobody's allowed to show any signs of
independent thought and even in my case
I asked a totally reasonable question
and look who I'm treated even by you
Joey how do you think the local organ
organizers regard me they regard me as a
threat in your organization as you've
designed it any signs of independent
thought or a threat and it's no surprise
because you used to be a cult member of
durian writers dirty backward brain-dead
cult in Chiang Mai and you've brought
the same attitudes to this new
organization the same way nobody was
allowed to question Turing writer nobody
was allowed to question just even the
effectiveness of the method
nobody was allowed to question the diet
nobody was allowed to question the
insane health claims no one was allowed
to question whether not durianrider
actually had the cure for Crohn's
disease and the cure for schizophrenia
and all this nonsense metabolic damage
in the same way you're sitting up
another hyper conformist top-down
authoritarian little cult and you don't
even realize you're doing it because
that's what you're used to that's the
background you come out of Joey whatever
it is you have to offer to the vegan
movement whether it's that you're a
talented musician or an architect or a
medical doctor or personal trainer or a
bikini model or you're a struggling
scholar of Asian languages and politics
in history or you work at a McDonald's
and you wish you could quit your job
because you're vegan and you have to
cook me every day and you're struggling
to scrape by at minimum wage whatever
your situation is in life whatever
perspective you have to bring to the
movement that contribution is not going
to be made
standing in silence wearing a mask I
don't support anonymous as an Internet
terrorist group I don't support
anonymous for the voiceless I don't
think it is a well thought out method or
strategy or methodology I think that
anonymity brings out the worst in human
behavior it brings the worst in human
behavior here on the Internet and when
we are dealing with people face to face
or should I say face to mask for the
future of this movement what I really
like to see everybody doing is taking
the masks off
[Music]
and that is yen Joey Karp strong says I
hope you're not deliberately excluding
the most pivotal part of the cube the
outreach to make your argument stronger
spelling error on your why oh you
apostrophe re but I continue they're not
just standing there silent there are
vegan outreaches who are influencing
real people to change hardly a waste of
time add up the thousands who have an
influence to give up animal products in
this action alone and if the millions of
views reached by people watching my
videos and by attending AV cubes hardly
a waste of time the vegan movement is
growing fast and it's largely because of
grassroots activism
you got me I didn't research the masks I
was too busy researching the dairy
industry and convincing people to stop
engaging animal abuse this is a lousy
excuse I just say it's mind-blowing to
me so you never thought to Google Guy
Fawkes given this is called the Guy
Fawkes mask you never thought to check
one Wikipedia article and if you think
the mass doesn't matter if it were a
mask of Adolf Hitler it would matter if
it was a mask of Aunt Jemima or Uncle
Ben smiling it would matter the fact
that you guys engaged in this protest
movement in Chiang Mai Thailand during
precisely the years when Chiang Mai
Thailand was a military dictatorship in
which nobody had the right to protest
that you developed this method in a
context of being white tourists in
Thailand protesting in English to people
who don't speak English as white people
wearing a mask of a smiling white man do
you think it would have been different
if you had a mask of a smiling Chinese
man what if it was Mao Zedong what if it
was any Chinese man's features
represented on that mask I what if it
was of someone from India ethnically
there were difference here why is the
mass smiling why isn't it frowning or
weeping or looking miserable these are
really simple questions ass no it's a
smiling white man and you guys protested
in Thailand in a time when the Thai
people themselves have zero zero right
to political protest so you see that
every day if you follow Thai politics
and there's a really strange silence
about Thai politics on you know the
channel
these people YouTube channels like poll
Basheer's Channel
look guys why don't you just look up the
the Wikipedia article there's one called
the next tide general election type of
the fact that there's been a military
dictatorship ruling ruling Thailand for
these years the wikipedia article for
the current quote-unquote Prime Minister
of Thailand I eat the military
Generalissimo who took over the
government shut down Parliament need
prayut chan-ocha there there is no right
to protest there is no right to freedom
of speech there is no right to criticize
the government in Thailand and there has
been a major crackdown on dissent of all
kinds in Thailand since 2014 and yeah
you should care it's it's mind-blowing
to me it's mind-blowing to me that you
don't care and it's mind-blowing to me
that you don't see the significance of
this this movement an honest with
voiceless developing specifically in
Chiang Mai Thailand during that
political period with that relationship
between white tourists and Thai people
who don't speak English and specifically
of course those were also the same years
where I had my conflict with durianrider
ended up in court and Thailand and Kay
in theory the court case is still
ongoing and you guys were on during
writers side right
[Music]
[Applause]
here with joe cobb strong with the cobra
[ __ ] Joey table strong okay cough
inaudible secondes in here second year
we're all lifting it well raising each
other's expectations we're holding each
other to a sort of raising the bar and
you know it's just it's inspiring and it
gives you this fire inside of yet that's
why you never met up with me sir I was
there to meet with any vegan activists
who would talk to me during all those
years in Thailand and you Joey and you
Paul Bashir you never did
but anyway yeah these questions that
work out worth asking yeah Amil question
the mask of what's the matter with you
Joey you've been backing this for two
years or something you never question
what does this mask mean what does it
mean from the perception of a Thai
person in Thailand what does it mean in
the perception of a white person in
California I mean you know sure what
does it mean ultimately when you have
black people I mean how would you feel
if a group of African activists came and
protested in Australia and they're black
African people wearing a black mask of a
smiling black man right away it's if you
may not know who the mask is up maybe
them the mask does represent a specific
historical figure you have no idea
well you guys are claiming that the
advantage of your method of protest are
the aesthetics the aesthetics and the
sales tactics I see a lot of holes here
in the aesthetics and the sales tax do
you guys are using I don't know why I
don't know why you guys can't in a
relaxed a detached way asking answer
these questions the mask could be
anything you could have a mask or people
are wearing a pig mask or a dog mask or
a chicken mask and you're not you're
wearing this specific mask the Guy
Fawkes mask and you know you're not open
to having any discussion about why that
is or whether or not that could be
approved or whether or not it's actually
a good use of people's time to stand in
silence just so they can wear that mask
this mask thank you there's mats that
you think is so meaningful but at the
same time you're not in any way willing
to question discuss the meaning of a
quote did you forget to mention the
slaughter has footage that thousands are
supposed to buy this action or are you
just narrowing it down to people
standing there silent and wasting time
also why
I asked you to attend a cube did you go
ahead and leave a long critical question
on AV s page instead of simply asking
them if you could participate in the
cube not sure what your intentions were
here why not try to engage in discussion
by inbox or email with organizers or
bring your ideas forward if you truly
want to help the or go because Joey
you're part of a top-down hierarchical
organization in which nobody will talk
to me nobody will talk to me nobody will
listen nobody is willing to even let me
attend a protest in silence you've got
problems with your organization and the
purpose of this video is to draw your
attention to them you're in denial you
think that if I just talk to Paul Bashir
all the problems will be solved Paul
Bashir refuses to talk to me okay you
think if only I join a Facebook group
and volunteer to show up everything will
be fine and it's the exact opposite my
experience is not unique this is a hyper
conformist authoritarian top-down
organization where nobody is allowed to
ask a simple question nobody's allowed
to show any signs of independent thought
and even in my case I asked a totally
reasonable question which you here gloss
as long critical unreasonable which it
wasn't and look who I'm treated even by
you Joey how do you think the local or
graphic organizers regard me they regard
me as a threat
in your organization as you've designed
it any signs of independent thought or a
threat and it's no surprise because you
used to be a cult member of durian
writers dirty backward brain-dead cult
in Chiangmai and you've brought the same
attitudes to this new organization the
same way nobody was allowed to question
Turing writer nobody was allowed to
question just even the effectiveness of
the method
nobody was allowed to question the diet
nobody would want to question the insane
health claims no one was allowed to
question whether or not durianrider
actually had the cure for Crohn's
disease and the cure for schizophrenia
and all this nonsense metabolic damage
in the same way you're sitting up
another hyper conformist top-down
authoritarian little cult and you don't
even realize you're doing it because
that's what you're used to that's the
background you come out of Joey I think
it's I think if the background publisher
comes out of also so you guys just
regard that as normal and it's not
it's not normal Joey what's normal is to
hear or question like the one I asked
and
respond in an interested open-minded
manner is to actually be capable of
discussing what's going on your movement
and whether or not I can be improved and
whether not you can invite new people to
come in and join that's not what's up
all right so look there are red flags
here either you're gonna pay attention
to them or you're gonna disregard them
it is what it is because Co continues
again you have zero experience at cubes
doing outreach so from the outside
looking in I can understand why you've
yet to see the value in it you're under
estimating this action a lot I still dis
growth here so I don't put the value
over to zero as I just said I think
there is some value in it but you're
only making an argument for tabling the
problems are with all the distinctive
elements of this form of activism but if
you're just gonna make a general plea
for how great it is to engage in
conversations with strangers tabeling
and many other forms of activism also
involving conversations with strangers
many other forms of activism involve
showing people slaughterhouse footage
and they don't require like 15 people to
stand in silence wearing a mask and the
particular mask I disagree with and have
problems with as they're raised okay you
can shoot you can do the same thing with
mannequins you could do the same thing
with at a table you could mount the
screen on a side of a van you can do
there are a lot of ways to do pause
developer region education and there
were a lot of questions we asked you all
right my reply to that was I noticed one
that Joey has consistently never
responded well my criticism actually is
and two he consistently ignores the
extent to which it is constructive
criticism it would be pretty easy to
take my comments on board recognize that
there are some problems and some room
for improvement rather than dismissing
and demonizing what I'm pointing out
here for example some people get to talk
and some people are expected to stand
sounds for four hours doing a job that
could be done by a mannequin or an easel
and two there were real issues of
hierarchy and power-monger involved that
even exclude someone like myself from an
organization claiming to be all
inclusive it really isn't
okay here's his response to that if it
is in fact constructive criticism like
you say and not just finding things to
criticize like it seems from my
perspective then why haven't you
acknowledged anything good about an
organization there's now influenced
thousands to go vegan and it's given
many vegans about it from true
throughout
Joey wanted trance the same question
about during Ryder well I don't why do
am I just finding things to quit you did
this before Joey we've been through this
before do you recognize your own
mentality here do you recognize what
you're doing respond to any criticism by
shutting the person down claiming oh but
we've helped thousands of vegans this is
what you did for during writer for years
way past the point of absurdity Joey
you're the one needs to be a little bit
so pretty clear I offered completely
constructive completely completely
reasonable criticism of this
organization and you respond to it the
same way you used to respond to people
pointing out the during writers diet
doesn't make any sense or that during
writers crazy statements about
homosexuality don't make sense
whatever the conference today was or
durianrider claiming that other people
are pedophiles on the internet and that
they can be hunted down and stabbed and
beaten up and taken to the police say
during Ryder did so much wrong and you
kept making these same excuses for them
you kept making the same excuse for
freely - so dude you got to look in the
mirror on this one because you still
have the same mentality you're just
applying it to another organization
there's no doubt it's a better
organization it's way better than what
durham writer is doing no question but
there's still there are still some
problems with criticizing there's still
some questions worth asking including my
own experience why are you dismissing
that I had a really negative experience
can't I come on the internet and talk
about my own negative experience
oh no that same thing with during writer
and freely write nobody nobody gets to
come on the internet and talk about the
fact that freelee's diet didn't work for
them
Aaron Janice doesn't get to come on the
internet and talk about the fact that
she thinks freely is an embarrassment to
the vegan movement and his dragon and
Venus there but no no no everyone has to
go out and shut down those voices of
dissent shut down any possible
discussion or debate you have to have an
ultra conformist talk down hierarchical
movement that's what freelee and
durianrider had even though it was a non
movement that accomplished absolutely
nothing it accomplished nothing but but
it reached thousands of people that
excuse is always there um I found your
criticism of James in the comments
section a bit harsh and not very
constructive by the way everyone is
trying their best oh ok really Joey
is Paul Bashir trying his best I I'm
actually questioning whether or not you
guys are trying your best I know you are
you trying your best you never even
looked up what the meaning of the mask
was you never looked up on Wikipedia Guy
Fawkes mask and you weren't willing to
engage in those question I don't think
you are doing your best Julie I think
that stuff is really minimal it's a
really low level of effort that anyone
could ask of you is to be willing to
question and discuss why this mask
rather than another mask if you were
wearing the mask of Adolf Hitler maybe
you'd say you're making a point that the
you know slaughter of these animals is
similar to the Holocaust would the mask
of Adolf Hitler be smiling or would it
be frowning and we pink some people are
gonna respond to the mask of Adolf
Hitler positively and some are gonna
respond to it negatively so you'd have a
discussion there but what that's a good
that's a good tactic what about just
having the mask of an animal a cow or a
pig and it's weeping not smiling I don't
know yes a million approaches to this
tell you one thing if you wore the mask
of the Prime Minister of Thailand if you
were in Thailand in your protest in any
way seemed like a political protest all
of you would be in jail you'd be kicked
out of the country because you guys
developed this at a time when Thailand
was a repressive military dictatorship
with no right to public protest for
anyone and that discussion that
discussion is really worth having and
that is very strangely absent from the
YouTube channels and websites of Joey
carp strong and polish sure I don't
think you guys are doing your best I
don't think you're asking some bare
minimum questions that really do need to
be asked
that's what we're here for on this
channel a policy Oh everyone is trying
their best and if you do see something
you don't like with someone that hit
them up an email like you deal with me
which I appreciate and let them know
personally saying this if there is in
fact power mongering happening with a
navy I've yet to see it myself this is
problematic and needs to be addressed so
it hasn't happened though has a Joey you
aren't getting in touch with anonymous
for the voiceless in Victoria saying let
me let alone is already in let this guy
in let this guy about what she'll let
him come to your protest you weren't
getting in touch with them
Vancouver and neither is Paul Bashir and
right at this moment right during these
last couple of weeks when we've talked
about this on my channel during these
last couple of days
Paul Bashir has been in Vancouver he's
been in touch with exactly these people
so you guys have a red flag you have an
example of power mongering and you sing
it should be addressed but you don't
address it you don't solve the problem
you point the victor finger back in me
you say it's my fault because I dare to
raise a question just snow what's
happening um I think consulting with the
founders in an email will be productive
if you truly want to help out and prove
things again other people have now tried
to contact publisher behalf people have
talked to him face to face or yeah I
think in blue yeah both cases activist
news talk to him face to face as well as
by Skype and email on what have you and
know the answer from Paul Bashir is no
he won't talk to me
so no means no so I know you assume this
guy's an angel but that's not my
experience that's not the evidence I
have in front of me also the guys in the
cube are circulated from cube to
outreach and vice versa it's great for
newcomers who are developing confidence
with the outrage or too nervous to speak
to people anyways well you were clearly
an intelligent village get in well
researched person to as many strong
points which I believe could be very
beneficial to moving in many ways I just
hope you're channeling you're channeling
these strengths with a good intention
and in the most productive way possible
great so that's also what I'm doing in
criticizing this movement I'm talking
about whether or not this is the most
productive way possible to use our time
you know if I'm such a great productive
and intelligent person as you say if
this flattery why why can't I
participate in anonymous to the
voiceless I've already said why in this
video because this is a hyper conformist
hierarchical organization where people
at me aren't allowed to participate
because if we participate we ask
questions we engage in discussion about
politics its political movement you
should be open to this kind of stuff but
you're not why am i excluded why was I
excluded where as vegan gains was not
excluded it's telling it's a telling
example when I think it's an example you
guys you guys may meditate on you may
reflect on and maybe this will lead to
you know a new statement in your policy
because I know it's only recently that
you guys develop this policy of being
all inclusive of including people
regardless of what their
positions are maybe you need to really
define and clearly send out guidance to
all the AV organizations about what it
means and what the consequences are for
excluding someone like me you say Joey
I've got something positive to
contribute well what happens when
somebody tries to contribute and he can
we get a reply here from mojo saying yes
as I said Joyce there's someone who I
don't know if you did it in a live
stream or in some context this guy
talked to Joey text message and I know
as I said to Joey the fact that the
group kicked you out of something like a
Facebook group for even raising your
eyebrow it's something that did tells me
all I need to know about them also the
fact that Joey was complaining in his
comment asking you why you left
quote-unquote a long critical question
shows me where his head is at when it
comes this group so yeah we get into a
kind of ultra conformist ultra
hierarchical situation where nobody's
going to willing to question and
nobody's allowed to ask these kinds of
questions next comment the master there
to attract people to the display of
slaughterers footage so the Overeaters
could start a conversation with the
people that seem interested it's not
demeaning to the people wearing the mask
and to their potential because most
people are happy to be contributing this
process without having to interact with
people with veganism which not everybody
is ready to do or very good at the
popularity of anonymous for the
voiceless is a way for lots of vegans to
become activists in a very reasonable
and non-aggressive way which I see is a
good thing
okay totally reasonable question my
reply is I think my criticism is
constructive the queue method could be
pretty easily improved but let's start
by recognizing the very real problems it
now has I wouldn't say that everything
about cube is bad but what's good about
it isn't distinctive or peculiar the
good aspects are basically identical to
tabling in general ie setting up a table
and just talking to people so tabling is
a term used in politics you can probably
guess what it means at some kind of a
festival or political event or street
fair that you pay to rent a booth set up
a table maybe you have some pamphlets
books buttons you may have a video
screen showing slaughterous or as you
sit at a table and you engage people in
conversations you do standard outreach
so cube didn't invent that an office of
the voiceless didn't feather that's not
what I'm going to be responding to
this discussion I'm gonna be responding
to and criticizing the distinctive and
unique ethic the unique aspects of the
approach publisher is propounding which
includes his experience in sales his use
of sales tactics and sales terminology
includes his use of this mask rather
than other masks or no masks at all and
the assumption that intelligent talented
hard-working human beings are gonna
spend four hours a week standing in
silence just to put on this so-called
aesthetic display but no if you're
saying to me that anonymous for the
voiceless shouldn't be criticized
because the basic concept of talking to
people is so is so wonderful come on
this excuse could be used for anything
anymore what what excuses are you
willing to make for freelee and
durianrider then what excuses they're
willing make for people with ethically
mammals what excuse me one way for me
because no no form of activism is gonna
have zero efficacy all right well I'm
asking the questions of how can we use
our time more effectively or most
effectively
no one's gonna claim that any form of
outrage has zero impact but yeah
standing in silence could come close
finally a comment from crazy cow man I'm
definitely overdue to do a response to
crazy comments other comments from more
than a month ago crazy cow man says I
will say that eyes'll does speak quite
harshly I myself of attended cubes and I
think the overreach and discussion is
definitely valuable however there was no
question that standing holding a TV is a
waste of time for the large part and
guys that is the very reasonable
criticism I started off offering in the
first place I like to end these videos
on a positive note ultimately the future
of the vegan movement is you but I'm
gonna tell you something else whatever
it is you have to offer to the vegan
movement whether it's that you're a
talented musician or an architect or a
medical doctor or personal trainer or a
bikini model or you're a struggling
scholar of Asian languages and politics
in history or you work at a McDonald's
and you wish you could quit your job
because you're vegan and you have to
cook me every day and you're struggling
to scrape by and wage whatever your
situation is
life whatever perspective you have to
bring to the movement that contribution
is not going to be made standing in
silence wearing a mask I don't support
anonymous as an internet terrorist group
I don't support anonymous for the
voiceless I don't think it is a well
thought out method or strategy or
methodology I am sure I could meet
intelligent well-intentioned people
through anonymous for the voiceless if I
were not actively excluded from
participating that group in any way okay
I think that anonymity brings out the
worst in human behavior it brings out
the worst in human behavior here on the
Internet and when we are dealing with
people face to face or should I say face
to mask for the future of this movement
what I'd really like to see everybody
doing is taking the masks off literally
and figuratively if you're gonna come
here on YouTube and talk keep it real
whatever it is you have to contribute
whether you're Joey carve strong or Paul
Bashir or freely or me someone I've
never heard of yet you have some
experience some perspective some
thoughts some feelings some talent you
can contribute I tried to contribute by
writing a children's storybook in
Chinese getting that illustrated and
published I think a children's storybook
can be a meaningful form of activism
certainly there are so many forms of
activism that could be meaningful you
have to look at what you've got to offer
what creative potential you've got and
how to use it but whether it's in the
moment of doing that activism itself or
in the planning and discussions that are
before and after the activism what's
going on here online on YouTube right
now
take off the mask the future of the
vegan movement is you and you and you
but the future of the vegan movement
we're gonna find it fumbling our way
along by asking these kinds of difficult
questions engaging in this kind of
criticism self-criticism reflection etc
and it's got to be with the mask off
keep it real a bonus yen